me: "so the alt right in england--i don't know what they call their neo-nazi party there--" my mom: "parliament?
live the fire of your hearth ! @ parliament of canada URL
rap roots on now! parliament - mothership connection hiphop funk radio URL
AT_USER never said i was perfect but with trump winning nomination & presidency as i predicted & never waivered, i have right 2sayanything
still . . . not caring. i hope trump goes to his resort every weekend for the remainder of his presidency. URL
north korea's parliament meets, with kim jong un at center URL
AT_USER you can't distance yourself from someone who's been right by your side since day 1 of the presidency.
parliament passes bill to ensure equal rights to people affected by hiv URL URL
north korea decries us carrier dispatch as parliament meets URL south_china_sea
parliament passes bill to ensure equal rights to people affected by hiv URL URL
parliament passes bill to ensure equal rights to people affected by hiv URL URL
parliament passes bill to ensure equal rights to people affected by hiv URL news indiannews URL
parliament passes bill to ensure equal rights to people affected by hiv URL URL
parliament passes bill to ensure equal rights to people affected by hiv URL URL
india parliament passes bill to ensure equal rights to people affected by hiv URL URL
AT_USER how about we replace the entire trump presidency and cabinet
lying f ing piece ofgarbage URL
petition: make online abuse a specific criminal offence and create a register of offenders URL
uk parliament passes georgia may boycott world politics may benefit of heart disease
when it comes to trump - liberal hypocrisy is simply too easy to spot URL
dutch parliament bans burqa & hijab in public spaces URL
2017 first presidency easter message URL
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER i was outraged when i found out trump won the presidency!
modi promised to fast track the cases and sc refused URL
le pen vows to make 'every second' of her presidency useful for france URL
bout time URL
rights immigrants must know during a trump presidency (farsi) URL stopicecold
AT_USER AT_USER he's just reflecting the presidency - which is also a nightmare. so yeah
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER URL
AT_USER donald trump's. i could lessen the impact of his presidency on america and/or just resign.
AT_USER so many common people lost chance to get their voice heard in parliament just becoz of mps missing in action this is real bad
spicer , or anyone on that tone deaf administration apologizing is as phony as little donnie's so called presidency
imo qanda the media's love affair with islamaphobia in parliament was the new arnott's shapes :)
AT_USER correct. electoral college is for the presidency only
dem haffi carefull how them talk bout finsac inna parliament enu... certain man wi get heart attack (on the pnp side).
in parliament that happened, the president denied the violence began fast, despite a backlash against politics it had always wondered.
parliament-funkadelic - do that stuff [hd] - youtube URL
xenophon, ketter, hume and smith at nsw parliament for inquiry into insurance sector. good room tho URL
good grief the trump white house can't even organize a freaking easter egg roll! a metaphor for the trump presidency URL
AT_USER such a disgusting presidency. you don't have the capacity to approach turmoil reasonably and intelligently. nor your staff.
north korea's parliament meets, with kim jong un at center URL
AT_USER if this presidency has taught me anything, it's that alot can happen in 2 weeks
here's the 2017 easter message from the first presidency of the AT_USER URL
enjoy your presidency AT_USER you'll have just one mandate as you became a warmonger and fight on the side of al qaeda and isis
buchanan: war consuming presidency... tcot wakeupamerica URL
ever since the inauguration trump has seem to come under fire. his presidency looked to be on the brink with flynn seeking immunity.
le pen vows to make 'every second' of her presidency useful for france URL
pres. jimmy carter tears into the sad reality of the trump presidency URL
AT_USER AT_USER her & her hubby for ruining trumps presidency? he'd be ok if not for the two of them? ah no
how trump's presidency will cost you more than you think | URL URL
how trump's presidency will cost you more than you think | URL URL
trump family's too busy making money from the presidency & dodging russia rumors to celebrate a christian holiday. URL
1/4 truth i am so f'ing feed up w/ ic not putting an end to trump presidency leading america 2 wwiii
pres. carter: u.s. now an 'oligarchy' where 'unlimited political bribery' is path to presidency URL
AT_USER it seems AT_USER tl is a microcosm of the trump presidency. this isn't the man i thought i knew in 2016
petition: put the final brexit deal to a referendum with revoking article 50 as an option. URL
the vacancy in kansas left by pompeo might be snatched up by a democrat URL
asked my students to find articles about the current election. "what's an article?" they couldn't name a newspaper either. AT_USER
why does ks04 election have republicans scrambling? for starters, the result could be a sign of what's to come URL
AT_USER you know, you might have lent a hand to the election in kansas today.
neck and neck so far... URL
and a long exam, a pregnant patient to assess, an election, and a proclamation all in one day! URL
currently: ks04 URL
gotta bring this one home. send a message URL
this ks special election looks like it's gonna be tight. shouldn't be tight - should be an r blowout. take heart. URL
cache takes a second to clear, per our database thompson now at just a 847 vote lead with 40% reporting URL
this is looking good! go thompson! URL
local election on may 14-nc president deuba URL
live results: republicans defend house seat in kansas special election URL
republican shenanigans URL
yeah, if you could just make an election night longer... URL
get in there thommo! AT_USER ks04 URL
AT_USER i guess the resistance is real....insane that this election is even remotely close. it's kansas!
oh please oh please! go dems! URL
here is a link to the ks-4 special congressional election returns from the ks secretary of state's website: URL
was that kansas election today? maddow
this is all of us since election day...... loveher URL
1. the kansas special election stunner tonight is an indictment rendered by the voters of republican kansas.
kids : mitti chor adults : chara chor legends : samose/16k thali chor tamperedevmblindec AT_USER URL
who will trump bomb next to deflect attention from carterpage being under fbi surveillance for contact with russia during the election?
anyone know the kansas election is going
oy! this is the county where a wichita mathematician found statistical anomalies in 2014 URL
AT_USER i ask as a foreigner, this page confuses me: URL r defends, graph shows a d on top.
kansas special election results URL
us stocks edge lower on worries over syria, french election URL
live results for special house election in kansas URL
oh snap. URL
live results for special house election in kansas URL nytimes
the buffalo wild wings intervention on special election night ks04 URL
URL omfg!!!
the democrats don't learn. URL
since the election campaign of trump i wake up everyday 3am my time to watch ac360,80% of the time till date, there is always breaking news
watching these results like come on kansas. URL
