AT_USER AT_USER they are creepy and sick. we need to oust every single one of them next election. theresistance
who's your favorite distillery tour? we hope wilderness trail. please vote for us at URL URL
needed: a democratic shadow cabinet AT_USER URL
let's get a pizza tonight URL
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER URL
christiana figueres talking to the media promoting the mission2020 campaign to zero emissions at google in... URL
fecteau: a responsibility to protect in syria URL URL
AT_USER on a serious campaign trail of bulapesa in isiolo ahead of AT_USER primaries. AT_USER URL
AT_USER vote him out!! vote him out!!!
russia decries cancelled boris johnson visit and warns on further syria attacks URL
we ask the question: is a trump presidency a good thing for american politics? URL
i vote agnez mo on daf bama music awards 2017 AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER dafbama2017_agnezmo URL
let's shook them!! URL
cara delevingne is a trippy cartoon for chanel's gabrielle bag ad campaign: URL
i vote for justinbieber "sorry" heartbreak AT_USER
boris johnson has 'cold war mentality' over syria, says corbyn. and he's right. URL
hey everyone go vote AT_USER URL
us election 'hacking': russian man arrested in spain at request of american authorities URL
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER vote no on cali exit it's not in our best interest
spain detains russian over alleged us vote hacking: source iran iranpower news URL
ok bangtan is nominated for bma dont be a lazy ass and vote your asses off on may 1 they need to win okay teamwork makes dream work
AT_USER if you don't have a marketable skill, you shouldn't be allowed to vote or tweet.
AT_USER why do u always make such "stupid" statements? u just don't respect any institution in india? URL
...toxic politics/toxified people. 1.713.535.7176
gst fintech jadhav39;s death sentence should serve as warning: pak defence minister URL URL
israeli minister praises u.s. strike on syria; sees opportunity to colonize golan heights of syria URL
trump speaks with egyptian president on church bombings - washington post URL
AT_USER AT_USER it's stories like these that make me glad president trump won, and got his pick through to the supreme court.
more about sonora grill prime metepec URL
spain's first female defence minister found dead in madrid aged 46 URL
rice claim on syria chemical weapons gets 'four pinocchios' URL
breaking: russian suspect in 2016 trump election interference arrested (details) URL via AT_USER report
poland marks anniversary of president&39;s death in plane crash URL
president trump attends the swearing-in ceremony of the honorable neil g... AT_USER AT_USER URL
bpd 911 dispatch: disorderly | e lombard st/s president st | mon, apr 10th 2017, 8:33 am | medium | p171000579
lol i don't even know why i have suddenly developed so much interest in world's politics. i read everything i come across
americafirst does not apply to the family trump.. just all the other american businesses. kleptocracy URL
isis was created by cia and mossad. politics war URL
AT_USER AT_USER don't fight for isis fight against them! you aren't the israeli president
taking notes from the dear leader of the neighbours to the north URL
maxine waters supports 100,000 more syrian refugees in usa - rep. maxine waters (d, calif.) slammed president d... URL
maga mr. alibi golfing again URL
news flashbackfriday mihw poland marks anniversary of president's death in plane crash URL
president uhuru kenyatta has launched website to showcase how he has been re-launching micro projects like bridges for 4 yrs gokdelivers
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER not true, not all s.a's think that way, zuma will remain mine and your president until 2019
senators differ on trump's use of military force, want congress part of future action | URL u should run 4 president
AT_USER subah tn farmers naked, nanded farmers did atmahatya.. nda busy president election & a shivsena uddhav support farmers meet p.m
stockmarkets - multi year new highs and president trump URL
video: president trump makes statement on syria URL
this is our collective surprised face. electionresults russiainvestigation hacking URL
writing, fencing, theater, fandoms (dont drag me), space, music URL
AT_USER stop this appalling excess! devos betsydevos resistance resist nastywomen impeachtrump firedevos URL
yellen signals shift from stimulating economy to sustaining growth URL
maddow is essential tonight to get update on trumprussiacollusion trumprussiacoverup URL
russian man arrested in spain at request of american authorities URL
AT_USER no proof of any russian collusion URL
the cia, drug trafficking and american politics: the political economy of war URL
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER URL
if it only it was to progress us foreign policy or international standing, instead of just to florida. taxpayers URL
ivanka trump 'pushed for her father to bomb syria' URL
let's go, kansas! flipthe4th URL
tweets like this are exactly the reason people have negative feelings and comments about celebrities and politics. URL
trump on pace to surpass 8 years of obama's travel spending in 1 year URL
we need more states to join this coalition!! URL
another crack in the putin/trump dam? russiagate resist URL
remain true to yourself-values and ideology!!! URL
us election 'hacking': russian man arrested in spain at request of american authorities | the independent URL
i'm always reading about political shit every day URL
america doesn't care about women but america especially doesn't care about black women URL
how many ppl who have done work for the dole have picked up fulltime ongoing work from it? URL auspol
AT_USER & other airlines are treating ppl like the treat black ppl beat ur azz for no reason then hide behind politics unitedairlines
domesticviolence kills far more than so called terrorists URL
boris johnson asks g7 to consider fresh sanctions against russia and syria URL innovation
i'm not doing this again i'm not trusting polls again teamdonottrustpolls URL
if today's sam bernardino shooter has yelled "allahu akbar" it would dominate the politics but it's just domestic... URL
meanwhile, the entire road budget in idaho county depends on whether congress can find $6.3 million federal dollars. URL
came from a bpp family so i was born into it URL
paying money to the elected spouse of a cabinet member to seek favour erases the line between politics and prostitution. maddow AT_USER
joyless indian politics - no sin allowed:( URL
watchdog calls out hud for $500b-plus in accounting 'errors' via the AT_USER URL
c'mon ks04! send AT_USER to d.c. to represent us. get out there and vote tomorrow!!! URL
AT_USER constitution says shall, not must. URL
2018 jeep grand cherokee trackhawk: suv with a hellcat heart - URL news politics clinton trump follow
and they wonder why more employees don't come forward. URL
painting:) slowly getting better. URL
doesn't mean race is actually that close...but that there's *any* poll that close is certainly concerning for gop URL
ahem........... AT_USER AT_USER URL
tragic shooting at san bernardino elementary school URL breaking trending news politics defense crisis
i keep reading that a dem has no chance. remember: we don't know who won until you show up to vote tomorrow. URL
AT_USER wants to flipthesixth where he doesn't even live ?? URL maga riseup
don the con i con american. well will bomb n korea and america will forget it. URL
if today's sam bernardino shooter had yelled "allahu akbar" it would dominate the politics but it's just domestic violence so we move on.
venezuelans mount another wave of anti-government protests URL
everything, and i mean everything about this man is offensive. URL
lol what URL
we rise. we rise. we rise." youth speaks seattle finalists serve up identity, politics and anti-racism URL
buffett-backed firm interested in bid for panera bread: sources - URL news politics clinton trump follow
listen in - lifestyle, health, business & politics URL onair talkradio
lock them up! URL
AT_USER what happens when identity politics are injected?
AT_USER AT_USER he wants to continue lapping up the gravy that comes with the politics train.
how AT_USER got the votes to pass the $52 billion transportation bill: URL
...and since when do us police enforce corporation policies instead of serving the public and enforcing the law ?! URL
people switch parties as easy as they switch religions, and spouses. often and on a whim. URL
no fucking way URL
AT_USER if you take on getting money out of politics, medicare for all, and other progressive agendas, you have my support 100%.
URL as if the international community takes boris as a serious person. let's be realistic, he's an amusing twat.
you might be a libtard if... libtard racism sjw liberal politics URL
insane, but nothing he does sways his faithful. trump is there messiah. URL
it just never stops! URL
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER but there is a new party underway. i have heard this from people connected to tn politics.
this united passenger video is as bad as everyone says URL via AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER
nmaahc / blacksonian made see how ingrained respectability politics & positioning ourselves for maximum yt comfort is ingrained in poc.
politics. conspiracy. love changes everything. the adventure continues. discover betrayal on bookbuzzr - URL
court says texas congressional districts gerrymandered to hurt minorities-we challenge this in court resistance URL
if there wasn't so much business and money in politics the planet probably wouldn't be dying lmao
thailand's insistence on section 44 (rule by fiat) seen to risk the emergence of a dual charter state URL
URL why??? why should we the people have to foot your travel bills ??? when all your trying to do is take, take and...
truth URL
shit...i keep falling into the politics pit...i need to stop this.
kejri is behaving like a sadakchaap aadmi and not as a chief minister..... URL
a good example of the politics of evidence and the ideology behind making policy. this will be a total disaster. URL
initially by watching state repression in turkey and then by gradually watching capitalism fail over and over again. URL
ndp will freeze bc hydro rates, says john horgan URL bcpoli
robert bentley URL alabama gov. robert bentley resigned monday amid allegations he used... alpolitics breaking resist
eyeballs if true: URL URL
AT_USER AT_USER just as meaningful as banning guns from all campuses in ca URL gunsense
resist the politics of cruelty'AT_USER AT_USER tells palm sunday refugee rally, viaAT_USER URL
shame on AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER URL
this.... URL
spicer: if you gas a baby or use a barrel bomb, expect a response URL
tillerson: us, china agree on nuclear threat URL
official: russia knew syrian chemical attack was coming URL
say it louder for the ones in the back URL
come on kansas send someone with integrity to washington! fireestes URL
you know, working for the people... trump on pace to surpass 8 years of obama's travel spending in 1 year URL
AT_USER the article i was talking about: URL
we ask the question: is a trump presidency a good thing for american politics? URL
just no, wisconsin. no. n.o. AT_USER we will fight like hell for our hardworking and honorable AT_USER URL
go james thompson! URL
another good monday of news in sports, politics, and much more!
trump administration halts reports on immigration cooperation URL URL
i wouldn't set foot on a golf course even if you gave me $21 million URL
no more gangs of up? good move. URL
and that is why businesses inevitably fail. here is just another one, announced today! URL
maybe 2 years ago, maybe a bit before. URL
a rape a minute, 1k domestic violence corpses a year... " male dominated politics/cops don't give afuq usa women are free/open season prey
$20mm on travel in eighty days. unreal.. and to think he's donating his $400k paycheck. fakegenerosity URL
we have nothing to fear except 'fear' itself!" ron estes endorses a politics of fear. our nation deserves better!
who do you think flew in on that helecopter? URL
tomprice's wife running for his house seat with health industry money URL maddow
trump administration still plans to undo parts of the aca, AT_USER testifies: URL protectourcare savetheaca
russian man arrested in spain at request of us 'over election hacking' URL
pepsi proves that americans need a lesson in eq - it reveals a host of problems with media, society, & politics. URL
his remaining supporters don't care...at all. the fiscal conservatives are on mute. URL
netanyahu calls for buffer zones in syria to protect israeli-occupied syria: URL pig
fat communist fuck to be put in the ground URL
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER look at this bs URL
trump orders military advisers to prepare plans to hit north korea northkorea URL
russia decries cancelled boris johnson visit and warns on further syria attacks URL
thx AT_USER -- miss u on the campaign trail! URL
AT_USER i seriously doubt that....partisan partisan politics on your part sir hoping for that re-election i bet.
politics and reality radio: partisan reality in the age of trump URL
we ask the question: is a trump presidency a good thing for american politics? URL
trump on pace to surpass 8 years of obama's travel spending in 1 year - URL URL
whoa! shock poll! republican candidate up 1% in a trump +33 district. URL
politics today, stranger than fiction ~the screen conspiracy us URL uk URL URL
URL the AT_USER once again proving he belongs on radio and not in politics. anti-gun and now anti-home. auspol
4 the breaking santafe newmexico politics & nativeamerican news - syria strikes: russia sends warship to... URL
police urge liberals away from making it legal to grow pot at home | ctv news URL
donald trump takes the court, one chair at a time URL politics cdnpoli uspoli URL
robert reich obliterates mitch mcconnell: 'he has shamed himself, the republican party, and america' AT_USER URL
andrea mitchell: 'we were harassing' clinton about her email server URL
URL take that isis!
a blast from the past, reminder of how lucky we are to have gotten rid of the hypocrites....... URL
politics is important, but you'll be seeing less posts about that from me for a while. i have a few ideas cookin that need my energy
AT_USER wwe is not a must do for me. i was there before and i wasn't a fan of the politics.
AT_USER stolen seat ? it's called politics
apparently long ago. traded it for cult politics, cheap gas, and regret. URL
canada politics: trudeau mulls tougher russia sanctions - URL - ... URL
most viral news now: russia opens new front in rivalry with u.s. with taliban support URL
AT_USER hmm. so is it fair to say politics is about power and who has it and who doesn't? i think i could get behind that definition...
architectures, natures & data: the politics of environments URL
not reasonable or fair' ombudsman slams centrelink's robo-debt scheme URL full report URL
may and merkel supported a missile strike by the us on the syrian air base -politics-#news--URL
roger stone is cool hand luke URL
failed bid to destroy tusk gives polish opposition their... URL via AT_USER politics URL
gorsuch sworn-in as supreme court justice ahead of key cases URL
but but, it's needed to swamp the dump! URL
well the disctrict is home to liberal, kansas URL
stratford politics update is out! URL
much more needs to be made of this in the news media. how is this even moral? URL
thailand election chief backs calls to lift ban on political activity, now that constitution is in force URL
the creeping, quiet gaslighting of the epa. goal is to make epa ineffective. not good for america. don't be tricked URL
AT_USER gotta love politics here in alabama!
orlando adopts new rules for duplexes URL
what!! URL
i believe in respectability politics for ppl over 35 idc idc.
the alabama governor's "inappropriate relationship" wasn't the whole scandal URL via AT_USER
add another 20 pinocchio's to her list for all the other lies! URL
this doc is good but it's skipping over so much of the contextual politics
AT_USER politics not the constitution 4 now populism wins in sa but b4 throwing insults at lekota this is food for thought AT_USER
people were shaping up houses, even in invercargill.." invercargill? if that's not a crisis i don't know what is URL
revealed: uk government let british company export nerve gas chemicals URL via AT_USER
bigly? URL
this is so shameful, and only weeks after the leggings controversy. banunited URL
rethinking the battlefield URL URL
i do apologize...i was talking about something other than pearl jam, queers, or politics. god, please forgive me.
maryland lawmakers take break politics observe: URL URL URL
remember when trump and conservatives bitched about obama taking vacations? more hypocrisy coming our way. trump URL
listen to my new episode vaccine news, politics & law - please share! at URL blogtalkradio
.AT_USER saw AT_USER piece on price family in ga politics-rooting for ga to get rid of them & corrupt pharma ties indivisible
AT_USER AT_USER i wish politics stayed the hell out of everything but the news. fedupgamer
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER URL
soon URL
in conclusion, organized religion and politics are whats f*cking up our world. let people be free. believe whatever you want.
watchdog calls out hud for $500b-plus in accounting 'errors' via the AT_USER app URL
unfreakinbelievable! URL
the day an internet troll was elected president URL maga news politics alpolitics retweet
is there anything more ironically beautiful than alabama politics & the associated corruption? URL
nikki haley says 'regime change' in syria. rex tillerson doesn't. what gives? URL
URL at least we don't have that warmonger clinton as prez, right? right? trump war korea URL
memo 4 AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER support local dems -- make gop play everywhere! AT_USER URL
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER URL
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER URL
ron estes, james thompson special election in kansas gets attention from republicans URL
coming soon to a c-span near you. the impeachment procedure for 45th imposter. 2nd = investigation of gop's part. URL
stephen always was dumb as fuck. good for alec. URL
AT_USER AT_USER ha...can't get over election
police confiscated all electronic devices from pyotr and maria without official witnesses leaves open too fraud or ? URL
i've only ever shaken the hands of two politicians and one of them lost an election a few days later and the other is now in prison
AT_USER he's illegitimate just as you are. stolen election and stolen seat on the court. you both will always have the * by your name.
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER good luck and godspeed to blue! take your election by storm!
and the bitch still lost. wtf does that tell you URL
i could understand a pro-death penalty doj taking the l here and using it in the next election cycle. "democrats want to coddle prisoners.
london and new york still financial top dogs but brexit and us election take toll URL
AT_USER edayvotemn shares 1st election day for environment with 1st public vote for 2018 governor's race: URL
noticed: the dem and media obsession with russian election "interference" has died as they rush to support warmonger trump.
illegitimate election URL
more news on last link. france election: south-west voters eye brexit with envy URL URL
more news on last link. france election: south-west voters eye brexit with envy URL URL
AT_USER --down your throat. and give up the obama and hillary grudge, okay? the election is over.
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER you're correct. most lost the ability to think after the election.
republicans are beginning to sweat the kansas special election: URL ks04
AT_USER edayvotemn announces 1st election day for environment with 1st public vote for 2018 governor's race: URL
.AT_USER also look into AT_USER for awesome animation videos on all aspects of election + the detailed dossier of AT_USER
de bullshit gets rude awakening on his re-election trail URL via AT_USER wilhelm in si for a week?that'll fix things.
u.s. takes down russian botnet believed to be used in election hacking after suspect arrested in spain - fortune URL
takingamericaback one seat at a time trumprussia URL
thrilled to have the help. flipthe6th AT_USER URL
democratic party throws james thompson a lifeline in kansas special election URL via AT_USER
democratic party throws james thompson a lifeline in kansas special election URL via AT_USER
AT_USER democrats double down on what lost them election 2016. time to dump obamacare. tcot tlot
AT_USER i thought it was all the tears from the democrats to the south might get saltier when the liberals go for the next election,
i entered a giveaway for a chance to win "how russia hacked the election of 20..." by elias hill (author). URL giveaway
AT_USER russia hacking the election would be kinda funny tbh
AT_USER too many people are using "i'm bummed about the election" as an excuse to be selfish jerks.
discrediting a religion or race to win an election is despicable and unforgiven. videoahok
this is important. maybe critical. URL
the liberallunatics still can't get over losing the election. URL
buddy of AT_USER in court. if the jobs plan includes judge + rcmp overtime,she's doing a great job. bcpoli URL
go georgia, go! flipthe6th theresistance URL
AT_USER our country has been so divided since the election. thanks for giving us something we all agree to hate. boycottunitedairlines
jonossoff for the win. URL
this... URL
well you know he's dead URL
russian arrested in spain for alleged links to u.s. election hacking. URL
no, you are the booster of modern misogyny! you are silent on islamic oppression of women. URL
we knew it all along.. URL
AT_USER ca and ny skew election numbers.
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER at least one (if not more) non-citizens were caught voting in ohio during last election under this system.
the hacker's wife says he told her the arrest was "linked to trump's election win," according to russian television URL
annapadh 16 opp parties in parliament.what does yr brain consist of? full of scams/wrong doings.evm kya jane? URL
AT_USER could you please make clear your position on uber and similar ride hailing services prior to the election?
i voted for nader in my elementary school election.
pro-choice kansas democrat AT_USER is running in tomorrow's special election for a congressional seat URL
orly? trumprussia URL
he'll be dead soon URL
watch the ks-4 special election tomorrow --> URL
URL end for malappuram by-election campaigning for to URL URL
sarkarinaukri ghaziabad collector orders to cut salary of 10 absent government doctors URL
are polls still a thing after the election? URL
momentum builds for canberra to sydney high-speed train URL via AT_USER realistic possibility
media promote baseless assertions by government officials of russian interference as facts URL
the government coming for him URL
AT_USER *puts down copy of gulag archipelago* things are definitely better when the government is in charge of everything.
i am wishing governor kay ivey a smooth transition into power, as she pursues an open, honest, and transparent government. alpolitics
when did states get to decide i migration laws? AT_USER AT_USER tucker URL
wrong. URL
technology these days has made it almost impossible for big companies and the government to perpetrate evil without being exposed.
that's what happens to those eho support killings of innocents. it will hit you sooner or later then you will cry URL
hide him before the government kills him URL
every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. henry louis mencken henrylouismencken
is the u.s. government currently prepared for a global pandemic? URL
today's AT_USER fiasco useful reminder: anyone claiming private corporations are more competent/professional than government is an idiot.
stop arresting our members who criticize your government- pdp to apc URL
swx with kids and dope bages and homeless habits formed by usa government dope sales and commission
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER see max berry's "jennifer government
government, tourism private sector launches uganda tourism inclusive business ecosystem platform URL
chinese government targeting fraud; us government endorses fraud on wallstreet URL
after palm sunday suicide bombings, egypt's christians ask if government can protect them URL URL
AT_USER teamaxe - for sure.....rhoades symbolizes all that is wrong with an ego-centric, nepotistic government. fuckteamchuck
9-year-old girl seeks clean air for her generation, sues indian government over pollution URL via AT_USER
by ignoring sensible reform options, the government is just slapping band-aids over a broken system rather than... URL
9-year-old girl seeks clean air for her generation, sues indian government over pollution URL via AT_USER
i'm wishing governor kay ivey a smooth transition into power, as she pursues an open, honest, and transparent government.
when you have contracts you can't just do that. URL
AT_USER AT_USER or socialist communist sympathizer. in our government. like sanders shumer zucker, larry king,stien, warren
no government agency has jurisdiction over the truth.
tucker after xi jinping and president trump's successful meeting, china dropping import ban on american beef URL
architecture interiordesign deco las vegas now powers all government buildings with renewable energy URL
alt-twitter accounts are rallying after government demands to unmask anti-trump account URL URL
i remind you not to believe your government when it says anything about war: URL syrias... by tkinder via AT_USER
booked a flight to belarus for next month. currently the government is fining unemployed people for being unemployed. sounds good.
i'm wishing governor kay ivey a smooth transition into power, as she pursues an open, honest and transparent government.
right! URL
joints by snoop dogg or white label cannabis? government ponders ad restrictions for pot - URL
please help her.. helpdinaali AT_USER URL
accurate URL
in-flight internet sucks. this would increase competition and encourage someone to do it better. shame. URL
\ gop seems gleeful at thought of creating a hellscape version of us comprised of rich corps and starving citizens. URL
china open to dropping import ban on american beef URL
another reminder that its unconscionable for any country with an ounce of respect for human rights to even recognize the saudi government.
jamaican government apologizes to rastas. URL
i'm wishing governor kay ivey a smooth transition into power, as she pursues an open, honest, and transparent government.
no surprise 2018midterms can't wait... URL
venezuelans mount another wave of anti-government protests.. URL
thank you for supporting this act of government. this is really good step URL
the syrian government would be ill-advised ever again to use chemical weapons." us defense secretary. syria URL
jon sinn said on tv the government just wants to kill people (as he is representing a boy who smashed two faces until nothing was left)
retweeted nobodyloser (AT_USER i never knew my purpose... flatearth bible government anarchy... URL
AT_USER AT_USER venezuela regime order shut with snipers from government buildings against student march URL
ontario government partnering with ocad u to improve accessibility for consumers a11y URL
fracking suit on hold as legislature considers change to disclosure law | government | URL URL
yikes URL
the government sees every time you type "kemono friends" into danbooru n they think it's fucken awesome
this is happening to thousands across the country - 'transformation' projects - 'sold out' by our government !!! URL
but jeremy we can't discrimate against our employees of law enforcement and government employees if they hav... URL
united airlines violence illustrates the problem with government monopolies - URL
i thought the best way to get $ for my cyber security start up was to run for ga06 & divert government money to it once i won.
how can we as a people have such corrupt people in this government and think it's ok. we are barely making it and they suck the life from us
government can go to hell
this is what happens when your neocon governor tanks your budget in less than 2 terms. URL
senior pr account director - government URL digital media job
AT_USER nationalist initiative of nationwide patriotism of nationalist government. AT_USER URL
senior pr account director - government URL digital media job
cowardly turnbull aussie government still fails to act on negative gearing distortion.
everyday there is a new headline on bigotry. does the government even care?? URL
AT_USER report on this you reported alabamas goveroner. URL
it's interesting bj thinks govt can't inferfere in the housing market but can give adani a billion dollars just coz. URL
98% of all of the worlds problem's are started and continued by and thru government's who then act like were here to keep you safe billshit
AT_USER pakistan government seems to be helpless against army who promotes terrorism.
AT_USER this right government is shifting to extreme left.
my aunt comes back from cuba after a 3 days and is a negative nancy because she disagrees with their government.
AT_USER who going to carry this voice to parliament ,the ministry of youth ,government committee ,or sub committee
lawsuit: sanctuary city mayor accused of 'raping and molesting' teenage boys URL via AT_USER sick bastard hang em
